Add comprehensive getting started guide (#2)
ericzakariasson/cursor-docs-test: getting-started.mdx

│   ├── components/      # Reusable components
│   ├── utils/          # Utility functions
│   └── tests/          # Unit tests
├── docs/               # Documentation
├── config/             # Configuration files
├── .env.example        # Environment template
├── README.md           # Project overview
└── package.json        # Dependencies
```

**Tips for Better AI Assistance:**
- Use descriptive, clear file and folder names
- Include comprehensive README.md documentation
- Add inline comments for complex business logic
- Maintain consistent coding style throughout project
- Document API endpoints and data structures

### Git Integration and Workflow

Cursor includes powerful Git integration that works seamlessly with AI:

**Source Control Features:**
- Visual diff viewing with AI explanations
- Intelligent commit message generation
- Merge conflict resolution with AI guidance
- Branch management and history exploration

**AI-Powered Git Workflow:**
- AI can suggest commit messages based on changes
- Get explanations of complex diffs and merges
- Ask AI about git commands and best practices
- Automated code review suggestions before commits

## Language-Specific Guides

> 

Author: ````suggestion
- AI can suggest commit messages based on changes
- Get explanations of complex diffs and merges
- Ask the AI about git commands and best practices
- Automated code review suggestions before commits
````

- Get help understanding complex documentation
- Learn about industry standards and conventions

### Collaborative Development Workflows

When working in teams with Cursor:

**Maintain Consistent Standards:**
- Use Cursor's formatting features for code consistency
- Share settings files and configurations across team
- Use AI to help enforce agreed-upon coding standards
- Create shared snippets and templates

**Documentation and Communication:**
- Ask AI to generate comprehensive function documentation
- Use AI to create clear, informative README files
- Get help writing descriptive commit messages
- Generate change logs and release notes

**Code Review Process:**
- Use AI to pre-review code before submitting
- Ask for suggestions on improving code clarity
- Get help explaining complex changes to team members
- Generate test cases and edge case scenarios

## Models and Pricing

Cursor supports multiple AI models to suit different needs and budgets. You can see all supported models and their pricing on our [models page](/models). 

**Key Considerations:**
- Different models excel at different types of tasks
- Higher-tier models provide more accurate and context-aware responses

> - Usage is tracked across all features and billed accordingly

Author: ````suggestion
Cursor isn't just a productivity tool—it's also an excellent resource for learning and skill development:
````

- Consider your team's needs when selecting plans

**Configuration:**
- Set up your [API keys](/settings/api-keys) in settings
- Configure model [preferences](/settings/preferences) for different scenarios
- Monitor usage through your account dashboard

## Usage and Billing

> 

Author: ````suggestion
Ask the AI to review your code for potential improvements
````

It's highly recommended to understand [usage tracking](/account/plans-and-usage) and [available plans](/account/plans-and-usage) to make informed decisions about Cursor pricing. 

**Important Points:**
- Usage is measured across all AI features (chat, completions, etc.)
- Different models have different costs per request
- Teams can set usage limits and alerts
- Detailed usage analytics help optimize costs

For complete pricing information, visit our [pricing page](/account/pricing) to compare plans and features.

## Getting Help and Support

### Documentation and Learning Resources

**Official Resources:**
- Comprehensive guides at [docs.cursor.sh](https://docs.cursor.sh)
- Video tutorials and walkthroughs
- Interactive learning modules and examples
- Regular blog posts about new features

**Community Support:**
- Active Discord server for real-time help and discussions
- Community forum for detailed technical questions

> - GitHub discussions for feature requests and bug reports

Author: ````suggestion
- Use the AI to help enforce agreed-upon coding standards
````

- Follow @cursor_ai on Twitter for updates and announcements

### Professional Support Options

**Subscription Benefits:**

> - Pro and Business subscribers receive priority support

Author: ````suggestion
- Ask the AI to generate comprehensive function documentation
- Use the AI to create clear, informative README files
````

- Access to dedicated support channels
- One-on-one onboarding sessions available
- Direct feedback channel for feature requests

**Getting Help:**
- Submit tickets through in-app help system

> - Use Command Palette > "Report Issue" for bugs

Author: ````suggestion
- Use the AI to pre-review code before submitting
- Ask for suggestions on improving code clarity
- Get help explaining complex changes to team members
- Generate test cases and edge case scenarios
````

2. **Customize Your Environment**
   - Install language-specific extensions for your tech stack
   - Configure keyboard shortcuts to match your preferences
   - Set up preferred themes, fonts, and layout options

3. **Connect with the Community**
   - Join Discord and introduce yourself
   - Share your experiences and learn from other developers
   - Stay updated on new features and best practices

### Ongoing Development

1. **Master Advanced Features**
   - Learn about debugging with AI assistance and guidance
   - Experiment with code generation for different programming languages
   - Try collaborative features if you're working in a team environment

2. **Optimize Your Development Workflow**
   - Track which AI features save you the most development time
   - Develop efficient patterns for common coding tasks
   - Create custom snippets, templates, and automation scripts

3. **Stay Current**
   - Enable automatic updates for the latest features and improvements
   - Read release notes to learn about new capabilities
   - Participate in beta testing programs and provide feedback

## Common Mistakes and Best Practices

> When getting started with Cursor, there's several common mistakes that new users often make. Understanding these pitfalls can help you avoid frustration and get the most out of your AI-powered development experience.

Author: ````suggestion
When getting started with Cursor, there are several common mistakes that new users often make.
````

### Typical User Errors

**Overrelying on AI Suggestions**

> Many developers becomes too dependent on AI completions without understanding the generated code. This can leads to bugs and security vulnerabilities that are hard to detect later. Always review AI suggestions carefully before accepting them.

Author: ````suggestion
Many developers become too dependent on AI completions without understanding the generated code. This can lead to bugs and security vulnerabilities that are hard to detect later.
````

**Poor Prompt Engineering**
Users frequently write vague prompts like "make this better" instead of being specific about what they want. The AI works much more effectively when you provide clear, detailed instructions about your goals and constraints.

**Ignoring Context Management**

> One of the most common issues is not properly managing context. Users forget to use @-symbols to include relevant files or documentation, resulting in suggestions that doesn't fit their specific use case.

Author: ````suggestion
Users forget to use @-symbols to include relevant files or documentation, resulting in suggestions that don't fit their specific use case.
````

### Pro Tips for Success

1. **Start Small**: Begin with simple tasks like code completion before moving to complex refactoring

> 2. **Be Patient**: The AI learning curve varies between users - some pick it up quickly, others need more time

Author: ````suggestion
2. **Be Patient**: The AI learning curve varies between users—some pick it up quickly, others need more time
````

---
title: Getting Started Guide
description: Learn how to get started with our platform quickly and efficiently
---

# Getting Started Guide

> Welcome to our comprehensive getting started guide! This guide will walk you through the process of setting up and configuring our platform so that you can begin using it effectively.

Author: ````suggestion
Ready to dive in? This guide covers everything you need to set up and configure our platform—no fluff, just the essentials to get you up and running.
````
